# Common Art Styles
  Artists share their feelings and life stories through their art. Although every artist’s work is different, there are plenty of art styles that artists go by in this profession. Here, I will explain how to decipher different art styles and movements and inspire you to create your own art using these art styles!
  Surrealism is the most popular modernist era art style. It is eye grabbing and aesthetically pleasing, as told by Salvador Dali in his book The Persistence of Memory. The art  got its name from the phrase “absolute reality”, and merged to form the art style of surreality. The types of art that can be used to represent the art style are sculpting, poetry, film, and literature.
  De Stijl is an art style that uses geometric shapes such as lines, intersecting plane surfaces, squares, rectangles, and other simple geometric shapes to create an abstract art piece. Although many painters, typographers, sculptors, poets, and many other decorative artists create De Stijl art pieces, architects do the best at creating De Stijl art, and forming real “equilibrium in both life and art” the way that the art style tries to create.
  Constructionism is exactly what it sounds like, construction. It is an art theory that states that artists, especially architects, should use industrial materials like steel, glass, and plastic to construct an art piece that serves a purpose in society. Vladimir Tatlin discovered this art movement while admiring geometric construction from people like Picasso.
  Information Source: Brittanica [https://www.britannica.com/list/10-modernist-art-movements]
